counselors counselors let's be honest
here 20 million dollars is more money
than these people have ever dreamed of
see now that pisses me off first of all
since the dimmer we have more than 400
plaintiffs and let's be honest we all
know they're more out there they may not
be the most sophisticated people but
they do know how to divide and
$20,000,000 isn't when you split it
between them earn second of all these
people don't dream about being rich they
dream about being able to watch their
kids swim in a pool without worrying
that they'll have to have a hysterectomy
at the age of 20 like Rosa Diaz a client
of ours or have their spine deteriorate
like Stan Blum another client of ours so
before you come back here with another
lame-ass offer I want you to think real
hard about what your spine is worth mr.
Walker or what you might expect someone
to pay you for your uterus miss Sanchez
then you take out your calculator and
you multiply that number by a hundred
anything less than that is a waste of
our time
by the way we had that water brought in
special for you folks came from well and
Hinkley
I think this meeting sofa damn right it
is
you